Hello everybody and welcome back.
In this lecture we're going to talk about how unreal has its own C++ types.
This can be confusing if you're reaching out to resources and learning about C++ because occasionally
you need a different type when you're using it with unreal.
So if we cast our mind back to the last section when we were doing the triple X what we had done before
is we would include Io stream and then we would reach into the standard namespace to use c out which
then meant we could print something like Welcome to the console.
Now notice that was a string so we're able to print out exactly what was within those quotation marks
now in standard C++ what you would tend to do is you would include something called string at the very
top.
Much like we would include Io stream and our header files and then you'd write something like the following
we would declare a string called word and then initialize it with the word welcome.
However for strings in Umbria we need to use f string instead of string which is pretty straightforward.
We can just replace that now later on you'll notice that there are other things as well some of them
are very similar some of them will be slightly different so later on instead of using into for integer
we'll be using int 32 and there are loads of little things throughout that we'll pick up as we go through.
And with that we can jump straight into a challenge which I know you're fully capable of doing.
So we're going to define our hidden word and not only define it but initialize it as well.
So within the on input function I'd like you to do the following declare and initialize an F string
called Hidden word and then assign it and I say gram of your choosing pulls over video now and give
that ago Okay everybody Welcome back let's go ahead now declare and initialize Iowa hit him word okay.
So this should be relatively straightforward.
First of all we need an F string.
That's the type that we're working with.
I constantly do that fortunately I can just go down that also complete for the win.
Excellent.
So we've got an F string.
We're going to call it hidden word.
And remember your variable should have a capital to begin with.
And let's go ahead here.
We're going to assign it straight away.
So there's a couple of ways that you could do this.
I want to explore both with you now because once we've declared it we can then assign it a word perhaps
something like cake and then you can tell I'm thinking about food and then we're done.
Now there's a good thing about thing here.
One this is broken up our code with declared and then we've assigned it.
That's fine since there's no fundamental reason to have these as two separate lines of code.
It would be better to declare and initialize these on the same line.
There's no reason why not to do that.
It makes our code easier to read as well.
So I'm happy with that.
So a nice and straightforward challenge for you.
I hope you've conquered that and you didn't have any issues on my main issues when it comes to typing
this is I always seem to type f Schering or FS thing instead of f string.
So just a typo thing there also do notes the capitalization that is important.
If you didn't type f string exactly how you see it on the screen right now it's also likely not to have
worked.
Now we're not quite there yet at the moment our code will run it will run fine but what it won't do
is work on every system out there because we haven't formatted our strings in a way that allows on real
to do that and we'll learn all about that over in the next lecture.